Hello dear friends with you
gameplay first game today
called riots and let's look at
this tank arcade what is she
is well yes probably like you now
see the graphics in the game is even nothing
but what is the essence of the game now we learn in
the game can and everything began to threaten tanks
buy new
there is also fuel in the game
which is a peculiar energy
which ends and will need to
wait until it energy you make up
probably think it's something like world
of tanks or tanks domination not at all
no let's see what is it
here we need to do touch to
continue then you will need
defeat your enemy
put a red circle on the target on
moving object and after
aiming happens you need
will produce shots pressing on
the screen is desirable to white stripe
was in the middle of the goal and then you
put the most powerful most accurate
hitting the opponent’s tank thereby
you can beat him like this
way fights take place at the end
there is a very spectacular explosion
slow-mo effect many effects and so
Further, but honestly I still think
such a game will not be able to tighten for a long time
because the gameplay
rather precisely too arcade and
it probably still spoils the game I
I still think that the developers decided
cash in on the fact that world of tanks is still
did not go to android tanks dimensional
for some reason, too, did not appear on
android and since the topic is still
hot enough popular workers
work kizhi for the workers decided
take advantage of this up graphics in the game
cool effects cool but gameplay
Boring second game called Helen
works as people more precisely in this game you
You will fight in the role of people against
there are enough alien missions in the game
a lot and let's get going with them
the choice
the file that I stopped next
we have a choice of heroes
the whole battle you can take them tried a
in fact , the hero is quite a lot
we have a farmer have a girl scientist have
american football player there
fat super hero boxer eat nurse
whether there is such and such if it is not cool to
that is what you even like and plans
tenor caftan behind
a pot of chamomile and then
hands place to climb and jon-tm is very similar
on villa smithta movie such here
big asian boy big
basket of fruit Well get down and
look at the gameplay itself
the games are fairly simple weighed dynamic and
interesting you need just
And then on the closely area of ​​the screens in order
to navigate and also tap on
here are these aliens who are on you
run and thereby you will kill her
each of the characters has super hits
let's look at them farm mouth
perform such a cool site and all
nafig also suppresses the farmer us
put here such
scarecrow that will attract all
aliens and thereby distract them from
you and thereby you can kill them and
they won't do you any harm because
that they will not want to get to
you and before this stuffed
Well, let's look at other heroes
the nurse she shoots on such here
an electric laser that hits
several monsters storm chains
electric current let's look at her
Super abilities
she causes the laser to work from the sky he
amazes
aliens and thereby they die
You can also call on our such
here is a clone robe that will be itself
cast all aliens who will
be in this district so last
hero
american football player let's see
on his abilities we wait for the goal click on
them and he runs like this and blows
All killing 2 and what he has
super abilities this super ability
strike u so here with your sword and super
ability to restore your health
Here is such an interesting dynamic game
in which you will need
hold on a certain number of waves g
killer number of aliens
the third game is called las torres it
puzzle about some obscure
jelly creatures most likely they too
alien origin as heroes
previous games
select one of the missions and start playing
her
the toy is a little bit long
although it is not clear that there is such
supernatural but interesting toy
looks quite interesting you need
place these jelly blocks here on
special areas for example green
cross must be placed on
green with a cross well, but with these what
do you probably guessed it yourself
so let's try this now
the game is natural the less steps you take
Spend a topic more stars you get
in total, if you move one die
colors then all the other cubes of the same
colors will move
it is with him that is moving for example
green that is all green moving
move blue all blue move
but if the path is blocked then this one
from the cubes can not move and therefore
we can go through a mission like this
the way missions will naturally
get complicated with each level and beyond
missions will be generally super heavy
supercomplex and not always different first 1
You can figure out what is here and how in general
pass because it really
quite difficult and hard
as you see here we will need
something like this
cheat probably somehow
Arrange probably these dudes here
in order to occupy the necessary
positions in general find mission stuck
play this game she is enough
interesting and can probably you
break your head and take a couple of evenings and
I decided to complete my release by breaking it
under the name of the cross suite
in this game you will need
move various such elements
and line them up
how does this happen you need to do here
such svaypas and then you will have everything
turn out so let's try now
pass this is all the same mission to you
need to assemble a chain in this
case of green cris tanchiki and
chain of blue and what we see here
in this way we are building
probably a chain, I hope
doing everything right and
the mission will be all the same to me now
passed so post it I left
collect only damn blue chain and
then everything will be just fine and
wonderful naturally first missions
It was much easier, but here it is already worth it.
think a little bit smash your head for
in order to still be able to pass
given a great puzzle and so
break your brains but I will say goodbye to
Thank you all very much for your
attention with you was Yuri Aksenov
subscribe to the channel put your fingers
up all bye and see you soon